docs: react 18, streaming SSR, rsc with new apis (#33986)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/react-18/overview.md

# React 18

[React 18](https://reactjs.org/blog/2021/06/08/the-plan-for-react-18.html) adds new features including Suspense, automatic batching of updates, APIs like `startTransition`, and a new streaming API for server rendering with support for `React.lazy`.

> Next.js also provides streaming related APIs, please checkout [next/streaming](/docs/api-reference/next/streaming.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[React 18](https://reactjs.org/blog/2021/06/08/the-plan-for-react-18.html) adds new features including Suspense, automatic batching of updates, APIs like `startTransition`, and a new streaming API for server rendering with support for `React.lazy`. Next.js also provides streaming related APIs ([next/streaming](/docs/api-reference/next/streaming.md)) for use with React 18.
```
